around Okinawa the warm kuroshio current
supports one of the strangest ways of
farming in the world the SU Hakka family
have made their living from the sea for
generations
Marcinko Giga Daisuke Nanda
Mona today oakiness la si go pose a
stable at editing Kalima snow day
it's harvest time on the family farm
this is a field of mozuku it's just
humble seaweed but it has a reputation
as a miracle superfood it grows
naturally but Okinawan farmers have set
out an ingenious system of nets to help
it take root and they have a very
practical way of harvesting it
mozuku seaweed is one of the most
sought-after dishes in all japan so
every strand is precious this farming
still relies on traditional Japanese
wisdom it's what they call satto only if
you work harmoniously with nature the
sea will always provide this is a
man-made environment but strange
creatures roam the mozuku beds sea slugs
Sun crawl while others fly this
harmonious way of farming only works if
the conditions are perfect
warm water plenty of nutrients and a
wide shallow sea
it's only here in Okinawa that they can
grow mozuku
on such a massive scale